Supported regions
Foundry agent service is only available for Foundry projects created in regions that support the Azure OpenAI Responses API . Your Foundry project must be in one of these regions to use Agent Service. Some Azure OpenAI models may not be available in the same regions. See Region availability for Foundry Models sold by Azure for details.
Important
Not all tools are available in every region. For example, file search isn't available in Italy North and Brazil South. For the full tool-by-region matrix, see Tool support by region and model .
In addition to Azure OpenAI models, Agent Service supports models from the Foundry model catalog. These models are deployed and managed through Foundry and follow separate quotas. The following models are available for your agents to use.
Foundry Models sold by Azure:
MAI-DS-R1 : Deterministic, precision-focused reasoning.
grok-4 : Frontier-scale reasoning for complex, multiple-step problem solving.
grok-4-fast-reasoning : Accelerated agentic reasoning optimized for workflow automation.
grok-4-fast-non-reasoning : High-throughput, low-latency generation and system routing.
grok-3 : Strong reasoning for complex, system-level workflows.
grok-3-mini : Lightweight model optimized for interactive, high-volume use cases.
Llama-3.3-70B-Instruct : Versatile model for enterprise Q&A, decision support, and system orchestration.
Llama-4-Maverick-17B-128E-Instruct-FP8 : FP8-optimized model that delivers fast, cost-efficient inference.
DeepSeek-V3-0324 : Multimodal understanding across text and images.
DeepSeek-V3.1 : Enhanced multimodal reasoning and grounded retrieval.
DeepSeek-V3.2 : Model that harmonizes high computational efficiency with superior reasoning and agent performance.
DeepSeek-V3.2-Speciale : Specialized DeepSeek-V3.2 variant.
DeepSeek-R1-0528 : Advanced long-form and multiple-step reasoning.
gpt-oss-120b : Open-ecosystem model that supports transparency and reproducibility.
Tip
Model availability can change over time. To verify what you can deploy for your project and region, use the Foundry portal model experience.
Sovereign clouds
Foundry Agent Service is also available in Azure Government (US Gov Virginia and US Gov Arizona) with a subset of agent types and tools. For the full list of supported features, see Foundry Agent Service feature availability in Azure Government .